
1. Project's Title

moving average crossover and rebalancing strategy Backtester and automater


2. Project Description

***This project is still in development. This has been made public to showcase my development with 6 months of programming.***

This project is a trading strategy backtester that will develop, if profitable, into a automated trading script.

This project is split into 3 stages
stage1: This backtester looks to establish if a given trend following trading system is profitable with historical data sourced from the binance API.

The strategy is simple:
start with a portfolio of 5 high conviction assets.
for a user defined periodicity (hourly, daily etc), the "trend direction" is checked. 

If the trend is up (ie average price over a short time frame is higher than average price over a longer term time frame), and there is not current position in that asset, buy some of that asset.
if the trend is up and there is a current position, remain in position. 
	if the position size is more than 1/5th of the total capital allocation, reduce the size of the position to make it 1/5th of total capital.
	if the position size is less than 1/5th of the total capital allocation, increase the size of the position to make it 1/5th of total capital.
if the trend is down (ie average price over a short time frame is lower than average price over a longer term time frame) and there is no current position, remain out of position
if the trend is down and there is a current position, fully exit that position.


Stage2: STILL TO BE BUILT 
if the user is content their user defined conditions are profitable, stage 2 will be to run the script and highlight which assets need to be bought or sold and how much of each.

stage3: using the binance API, stage 3 will be to automatically place the trade on the users behalf according to the user requirements.

4. How to Install and Run the Project

to install and run this projec, please open up the terminal and path into your working directory.
type: pip3 install -r requirements.txt
or install:
pandas
xlsxwriter

update the backtest_config.py file with your sma duration for establishing the trend. 50 and 100 are EXAMPLES of what you can use. this will not produce a profitable strategy.

please issue a startdate that is a monday.
please input your initial capital in usd.
please select your crypto assets using the symbol_list list. please use the form BASEQUOTE ie BTCETH, BTCUSDT. 


